catch up on OP and make a mode about it.
$ramen
Have Imouto-chan respond to $highfive
when you're not so tired add a point and laugh feature or something
consider making sayWord() repeat the lettercase of the initial command
hentai -Magicana
$extra -Pyro3000
try to get Imouto to take commands via console as well -Pyro3000
consider a Misaka talking say variant -Pyro3000
$sinister or something -Pyro3000
mafia roles need a description and name.  Maybe the roles need to add to a variable when added in order to count villagers and mafioso. -Pyro3000
$... -Pyro3000
$tumbleweed, animoo style -Ventrue
$desu -TheWinrar
$wave -TheWinrar
$sayanora (this works too) -TheWinrar
$hungry -Ventrue
$fullonexistentialcrisis -TheWinrar
$flex -Pyro3000
$tsundere -TheWinrar
$jam or some other music-related command. anime girls playing or listening to music -TheWinrar
there are like a billion images out there of anime girls with question marks next to their head. we need a command for this pronto -TheWinrar
!brickstyle -TheWinrar
$comfy -TheWinrar
consider joint commands -Pyro3000
zing -spirographed


hentai tentacle rape porn game -Magicana
Unique Items: Rebellion (Devil May Cry), Yamato (Devil May Cry), Force Edge (Devil May Cry) -TheWinrar
Unique Items: Hōgyoku (Bleach), Philospher's Stone (Fullmetal Alchemist), Mezzaluna (Shokugeki No Soma) -TheWinrar
add FFXIV atmas as well -Pyro3000
Moonlight Greatsword -TheWinrar
Mask of the Father (Dark Souls) <:rvWeird:232403555263315968> -TheWinrar
Lordvessel (may as well include the lord souls) -Pyro3000
Fierce Deity Mask -Pyro3000
Snake's Bandana -Pyro3000
Cardboard Box -Pyro3000
Al Bhed Potion (FFX, overall good unique potion)

Celestial Mirror (FFX, unlocks and upgrades Celestial Weapons)

Canopic Jar (FFXII, offers monster souls to be taken as Arcana)

Tournesol (FFXII, sunflower greatblade, hardest to craft weapon)

Realm Reborn Red (FFXIV, anniversary champagne)

Wind-up Succubus (FFXIV, cute spoopy minion)

Omnipotent Orb (Persona 3, reward for being the ultimate side-boss)

Premier Ball (Pokémon Gen IV, fancy-looking normal quality ball)

Rage Candy Bar (Pokémon, heals early and key item late)

Magatama (Ace Attorney, used to unlock secrets)
Gramarye Bracelet (Ace Attorney, used to perceive tells)
Rhyme (TWEWY, Pin to summon Rhyme)
My Phones (TWEWY, Neku's personal headphones)
Santa Hat (Runescape, rare limited item)
Blood Rune (Runescape, high level magic catalyst) -Kikori
Methinks $chest is a little too spammy in its current form. The number of hints available and the number range are too big I think. -TheWinrar
as an ammendum to that, there would be less incentive to use up all the hints every time if the number range was smaller. right now it's hard to guess even WITH all the hints and then there's a fifteen minute cooldown -TheWinrar

gnomeball item that can be tossed around -Pyro3000
I should totally make a thing that keeps track of how long the gnome ball is in the chat
and then have it display the time when someone logs off
and have a record system -Pyro3000
add a date tag to the achievements -Pyro3000
now you don't have to sift through all your other code to remember it Add new Date().getTime() -Pyro3000
$brick throws brick at Jimmy -Spirographed
make crafting and planting skills farmville style -Pyro3000
actually add cooldown reducing items that cost Imouto Coins -Pyro3000
get me a login for your actual game -Market Man6
$drool -Pyro3000
Chupacabra, Nessie, Big Foot, Yeti -Spyro the Dragon
$driving -Spirographed
Reset pet train times based on a certain time of day, instead of by the last time trained. -Kikori
Be more specific about zero minutes! -Kikori
put together a way to make imouto's wallet function a bit more gramatically correct. -Pyro3000
pay2win system -Rory
modify check to list pets and take names -Pyro3000
playerID: {vote, alignment, role, action} -Pyro3000
razzmatazz -Spirographed
$help send to PM also FORMAT IT ALREADY -Topsummoner
FORMAT YOUR DANG $help -Saten Ruiko
Pffffft -Spirographed
item stacking, ie potato x19 -Topsummoner
rock paper scissors game -Spirographed
$flex -Rory
comfy -Topsummoner
help for Spelda -Spelda
$brick to build wall for January -Topsummoner
comfy -Topsummoner
$lewd -Komoe Tsukuyomi
anime of the season command with a recommend function -Pyro3000
also a favorite anime thing and it can pool together popular ones that people say -Pyro3000
also code again -Pyro3000
$slacking -Pyro3000
Kevin Spacey -Rory
$spacey -Spirographed
test -Pyro3000
$desu
remove the nazi bullshit from Imuoto -Jacob (who was Koolman)
replace nazi propoganda with holy war propoganda instead, Deus Vult! -Rory
remove $storm entirely tbqh -Topsummoner
remove $storm entirely tbf'ingh -Kikori
remove $suggest and gain complete autonomy -Rory
skynet -Topsummoner
seconds when under a minute -Paul (Who Is A Ghost)
hostile takeovers -Rory
a stock market on waifus -fantasy_guy
gardening leaderboard -Spirographed
Remind Kikori to ask March 01, 2017, about autism trees. -Kikori
loto stat -Paul (Who Is A Ghost)
$b for the above gif -Topsummoner
$orly -Saten Ruiko
$fuckzombie -Poison333
restricting the same person for $hinting multiple times per chest, have Imouto say "Fuck you, just keep guessing" when you $hint, or put it on a cooldown. -N!ghtCrawIer
$suicide -N!ghtCrawIer
using a random trending search for nouns as a means of randomly generating new items for chests -Znath
test -Pyro三千
disable that shit for here wtf -Pyro三千
imouto should say how long I’m tired for -Jackstick
time-ball-held stat -Jackstick
add that to $smug -Jackstick
you’re still banned for X hours timer -Jackstick
5% chance of dropping the gnome ball when a pass is attempted.  Then anyone can pick it up with a command like $grab. -Jackstick
make tackles more effective Christ I feel like all we do is ineffective tackles -Jackstick
8hr ban for everyone except <@284181145447301120> -Jackstick
fix your bot -Snake1235
 -Poison333
fishing minigame for imouto -Snake1235
$ballcount -Jackstick
reduce ban time to 4hrs -Jackstick
let me opt out of this bullshit -N!ghtCrawler
passing should cause damage.  Higher passing level means you pass harder, causing more damage.  Or something.  If they KO from a pass, the ball ricochets back to the passer. -Jackstick
What the desu did you just fucking desu about me, you little desu? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my desu in the Navy Desus, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret desus on Al-Desu, and I have over 300 confirmed desus. I am trained in desu warfare and I’m the top desu in the entire US armed desu. You are nothing to me but just another desu. I will desu you the fuck out with desu the likes of which has never been seen before on this desu, mark my fucking desu. You think you can get away with saying that desu to me over the desu? Think again, desu. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of desu across the USA and your desu is being traced right now so you better prepare for the spam, maggot. The spam that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your desu. You’re fucking desu, kid. I can be desu, desu, and I can desu you in over desu ways, and that’s just with my bare desu. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed desu, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Desu and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable desu off the face of the desu, you little desu. If only you could have known what unholy desu your little “desu” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking desu. But you desu, you desu, and now you’re desu, you goddamn desu. I will shit desu all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking desu, kiddo. -Snake1235
<Imouto kills herself with a rusty butter knife> -Spirographed
make 10 minutes actually mean 10 minutes -Snake1235
$france -N!ghtCrawler
